let buttons template accept string replacement from existing slot-values (#5850)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5850.bugfix.rst

> Slots will be correctly interpolated for buttons template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slots will be correctly interpolated for `button` responses.
```

Author: hello,

i have checked in
